Bitcoin cash is the latest hot digital
currency on the market spawned off of
Bitcoin itself in its infancy has
already risen dramatically while Bitcoin
cash has doubled in just two days
Goldman has predicted that the original
Bitcoin will crash by 50% rapidly you
came here for the truth today we're
going to look at Bitcoin cash Bitcoin
and gold let's begin we are looking here
at a Bitcoin cash chart and you can see
that this chart is already outdated
because it has gone beyond 500 beyond
600 and continues to rise this is just
showing over the past two days how far
it has risen now in the past couple
weeks it has remained rather stagnant
and then you'll notice that in the past
little while Bitcoin has risen
dramatically and I believe a lot of
people are chasing those games trying to
use Bitcoin cash as a method to do so
hoping that they will exceed the gains
that they have seen in Bitcoin in the
past two days they've certainly done
that what I need to mention to people is
that Bitcoin and all digital currencies
are volatile you have to be
strong-willed you have to be willing to
lose it all because a 50% drop isn't
something that is very unreasonable to
happen in a very very short period of
time just as the price is doubled in a
two day period it could have in a one
day period it's just the way it works so
let me show you this here goldman sachs
they've done some analysis and the
Financial Times has commented on it and
the Financial Times basically makes
Bitcoin digital currencies seem like
they are completely fictional they're
toys and everything you know it doesn't
matter what you think of it but you have
to read the article actually they just
they really bash it it's interesting
anyway as for Goldman trading death
discussing the possibility of a trend
exhaustion
that could take Bitcoin back to about
$2,200 once a full five wave secant
sequence is in place the market should
in theory enter a corrective phase as
can last at least check this out
one-third of the time it took to
complete the preceding events and
retrace at least 38 percent of the
entire move so that's what they are
saying they're using the technical
analysis you can watch or read this
article if you're interested on what
they do how they track all these
different waves you may know the things
like the Elliott Wave and although you
know they can be accurate at some points
we always see the events in which they
are not and they sort of break the mold
and breaking the mold does occur in
times you find that they're moving in a
200-day moving average for example but
it doesn't have to remain within that to
entertain moving average it can break
through it can fall below that's just
the way it is look at this there's a
chart here showing you the profitability
of mining Bitcoin cash just in the past
couple days we've seen the prices rise
and as a result basically cash becoming
more profitable to mind so you can see
that more miners will probably take it
on and I think that this is important
for the price ultimately you want to see
it become cheaper you want the
transaction fees to be cheap you want
everything to basically be cheap and
have the ability for companies to take
it on and sort of have this idea that
this is a good investment for you so the
more people get on board with that the
more we'll see this continue this right
here gold believe it or not has
outperformed the Dow for this year and
that's something to really note I
believe it is important to look at gold
always despite the fact that the prices
are manipulated entirely we need to
chase the price and see how that relates
to other
things like the Dow Jones or maybe other
commodities measuring things in gold I
think is important perhaps more than
ever before because the price has been
trading within this range now for quite
some time it's relatively stable I mean
if you just compare that to silver for
example you'll see that it is much more
stable this is interesting to me to see
what happens with gold as soon as
there's any bit of turmoil we always
turn to gold that's what happens and of
course that's all paper gold physical
gold is basically insignificant now with
all the way you know with the way that
companies deal their business leasing
out their gold there's nothing in Fort
Knox
everybody knows the drill that's here
showing you the gold price trading
within that range for such a long period
of time now you can see a look it's been
up it's been down and up and down and
ultimately it has been within a certain
price I mean we've seen it anywhere
between a thousand and thirteen hundred
now for quite a while compared to the
bottom here the USD and the Japan
currency here the yen they're basically
drawing some conclusions I just want to
show you the gold price and to show you
that it has broken out of this mold I
don't know exactly where it will go in
the near future if it continues to rise
just a little bit more it could set a
trend which can continue onward the more
turmoil there is the more gold will rise
the more chance of there being a clamp
down on any sort of type of assets on
freedoms and everything else you can see
Bitcoin rising or over the
cryptocurrencies rising more money is
flowing in there and you could see that
people are using it in some ways as a
safe haven it's very strange to see that
but obviously gold for the foreseeable
future is the king of that so that's all
for this video if you found it
informative please give me a thumbs up
and last but not least if you found this
video informative I know your final
books the money GPS and my new release
global economic collapse
for more informative you can flip
through these books at Amazon the links
are in the description below
take care